To DO List

GitHub solving
Merging Steven and My files

Sends an interact event properly
Conversations work
Inventories work
Item prompt system, that sends an "item receieved event" and takes away item 
then start scripting all of the characters


5 more characters
interactible icon
box
Speech Bubble


Come up with some way to prevent players from walking into text bubbles

Things to test:
Player's preferred camera movement with slighltly slanted cameras
Player understands which button is action and which is jump
If Jump and Talk can be mapped to the same button adaquately (A and X and Right trigger/Left Trigger do the same thing)
Y and B and start and select open menus



text bubble working
text bubble tested


Small model appears above someone's head if they can talk and are in proximity


You walk up to a small item. It has a descriptor, then it ends.
You walk up to an area that requires an item. It has a descriptor, then a "take item prompt" with your inventory. Then a descriptor, then it ends
You walk up to a person. They say one thing, then it ends. If you talk to them again they say something else, until you've heard everything they say. There's a boolean for "Repeat last phrase / start over from beginning"
You walk up to an area that gives you an item. It has a descriptor, a "Give item prompt" with your inventory, then the object deletes from the overworld, then a descriptor, then the convo ends
You walk up to a person that gives you an item. They say one thing

-Says one thing
-Says one thing, gives item

Each character or object has a ConversationController
Each type of component adds itself on initialize to the conversation controller, then sorts based on it's place integer
Phrases (10 integers, 10 strings, 1 boolean) // tenth phrase is reserved for "Balktalk" when a user walks away from them. booplean is for "Repeast last phrase", when off, the character starts over from beginning.
Give item( 1 string, 1 archetype, 1 integer)
Take item ( 3 string, 1 archetype, 1 integer), user says second string if user doesn't have the item, third string if user comes back
Delete owner (1 integer)// happens on exact frame of pickup and proceeds to next thing in manageR
end conversation (1 integer) //manager should probably detect when to end convo automatically

There needs to be a "Continue talking" symbol at the end of each phrase, that blinks to indicate you should continue pressing the a button to hear more of what they have to say (talking). - The interact symbol hovering over their heads?




Interactibles have a "Currently interacting boolean" onlogic update, the manager makes the icon invisible if the object is being interacted with is true. 
Two things send deinteract events: NEW interact events to another object, walking outside of the rigid collider, and custom "I'm done interacting" events sent by the child object when it's done interacting.

Continuing the interact button continues talking
 
I would make this object HUD if possible.